Updated third-party apps sections (#8573)
auth0/docs: articles/applications/guides/enable-third-party-apps.md

useCase:
  - build-an-app
---
# Enable Third-Party Applications
  
You can enable third-party applications for your tenant. See [First-Party and Third-Party Applications](/applications/concepts/app-types-first-third-party) for details on the differences between the two types of applications. 

1. [Promote the connections you will use with third-party applications to domain level](/api/management/guides/connections/promote-connection-domain-level) in Auth0.

    Third-party applications can only authenticate users from [connections](/connections) flagged as domain-level connections. Domain-level connections can be enabled for selected first-party applications while also being open to all third-party application users for authentication.
    

> 2. Update your application's login page (if you use [Lock](/libraries/lock/v11) in the [Hosted Login Page](/hosted-pages/login), you must also:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update your application's login page. If you use [Lock](/libraries/lock/v11) in the [Universal Login Page](/universal-login/classic), you must also:
```

We don't say Hosted Pages anymore, and there was no close to this parenthetical

  - Upgrade to Lock version 11 or later
  - Set the `__useTenantInfo: config.isThirdPartyClient` flag when instantiating Lock

>   - *For [Private Cloud](/private-cloud) users only*: Set the [`configurationBaseUrl` option](https://github.com/auth0/lock#other-options) to `https://{config.auth0Domain}/` when instantiating Lock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - *For [Private Cloud](/private-cloud) users only*: Set the [`configurationBaseUrl` option](https://auth0.com/docs/libraries/lock/v11/configuration#configurationbaseurl-string-) to `https://{config.auth0Domain}/` when instantiating Lock
```
